Add Statement-editor doc (#3)
wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin: en/docs/references/call-a-ballerina-library-function.md

> # Call a Ballerina Library function using the Statement Editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Call a Ballerina library function using the Statement Editor
```

> Statement-editor allows you to easily navigate the Ballerina libraries which include Ballerina standard libraries and Ballerina language libraries. The **libraries** tab in Statement-editor lists all the supported standard and language libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Statement Editor allows you to easily navigate between Ballerina standard libraries and language libraries. The **libraries** tab in Statement Editor lists all the supported standard and language libraries.
```

> This guide helps you to understand	how to call a Ballerina library functions using the statement-editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide helps you to understand how to call a Ballerina library function using the Statement Editor.
```

> Let's call the Ballerina [printError](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/log/2.5.0/functions#printError) function of the [log module](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/log/2.5.0) to log an error in the given sample code below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's call the Ballerina [`printError`](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/log/2.5.0/functions#printError) function of the [`log` module](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/log/2.5.0) to log an error in the given sample code below.
```

```
public function main() returns error? {

    error e = error("something went wrong!");
    // Add the function call to log and error
}

```

> To build the log statement, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to build the log statement.
```

> 1. On the low-code diagram, click **+** within the main method. Then click **Function** in the **Add Constructs** pane that opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the low-code diagram, click **+** within the main method. Then, click **Function** in the **Add Constructs** opened panel.
```

    ![Add function statement](../img/statement-editor/add-function-statement.gif)

>     The libraries tab will be selected by default listing all the supported Ballerina libraries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The **Libraries** tab will be selected by default listing all the supported Ballerina libraries
```

>     The libraries tab will be selected by default listing all the supported Ballerina libraries

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The libraries tab will be selected by default listing all the supported Ballerina libraries.
```

> 2. Search for **log** and select log module. This will list down all the supported functions, errors, records, type, etc.. in the log module. Select **log:printError** function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Search for **log** and select the `log` module. This will list all the supported functions, errors, records, types, etc. of the `log` module. Select the **log:printError** function.
```

    ![Add printError function](../img/statement-editor/select-printError.gif)

>     When you select a function or a method call, the **Parameters** tab opens by default. This tab displays information about the selected function or method call, including details about parameters, descriptions, and return type descriptions. On this tab, you can easily add parameters to the expression by selecting the checkboxes for the relevant parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When you select a function or a method call, the **Parameters** tab opens by default. This tab displays information about the selected function or method call including details about the parameters, descriptions, and return type descriptions. On this tab, you can easily add parameters to the expression by selecting the checkboxes of the relevant parameters.
```

> 3. Double click on the **`<add-mgs>`** template and type "error log".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Double-click on the **`<add-mgs>`** template and type "error log".
```

    ![Update Error function](../img/statement-editor/update-error-msg.gif)

>     Now we need to pass the **error - e** to the printError function. Let's follow the next steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Now, follow the steps below to pass the **error - e** to the `printError` function. 
```

> 4. Select the checkbox of **error** from the parameter list. This will update the function with correct syntax to add the error. Then go to the **Suggestions** tab and select **e**, which is the previously defined error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select the checkbox of the **error** from the parameter list. This will update the function with the correct syntax to add the error. 

5. Go to the **Suggestions** tab and select **e**, which is the previously defined error.
```

    ![Add Error](../img/statement-editor/add-error-cause.gif)

> You will see the function call to be as follows without any diagnostics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You view the function call as follows without any diagnostics:
```

```
log:printError("error log", 'error = e);
```

> Congratulations! You have constructed a valid function-call via the Statement Editor!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you have constructed a valid function-call via the Statement Editor.
```

> Congratulations! You have constructed a valid function-call via the Statement Editor!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You have constructed a valid function call via the Statement Editor!
```

> You can click **Save** to add the function-call to the low-code diagram.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Save** to add the function call to the low-code diagram.
```
